---
layout: post
date: 2017-07-07
tags: node
feelings: fat
title: wesbos4
---

Today's modules have been:

11. AJAX Rest API (geolocation, placing markers and boundaries and autocomplete)
12. AJAX Rest API (hearting)
13. AJAX Rest API (reviews, advanced aggregation)
14. Pagination
15. Deployment!!

nonobvious things to note:

* using location: `{$near: { $geometry: {type:'Point', coordinates}, $maxDistance: 10000}}}`
* get current location `navigator.geolocation.getCurrentPosition`
* zoom in on bounds: `const bounds = new google.maps.LatLngBounds();`, `bounds.extend(position);`, `map.setCenter(bounds.getCenter()); map.fitBounds(bounds);`
* placing marker and infowindow on places
* using `google.maps.places.Autocomplete`
* hearting uniquely: `const operator = hearts.includes(req.params.id) ? '$pull' : '$addToSet'`
* hearting conditionally: use es6 params `const user = await User.findByIdAndUpdate(req.user._id,{[operator]: {hearts: req.params.id}},{new: true})` for a given `operator`
* adding a heart.js on the frontend to handle the ajax toggling of `hearted` class on `classList` property of `heart` element
* reviewer stars css dark magic...
* mongoose virtual populate - mapping localfield to foreignfield
* mongoose virtual populate - wont be in the obj or json unless you define `toJSON: {virtuals: true}` in your schema setup
* mongoose autopopulate - attached to `.pre('find', autopopulate)`
* mongodb aggregation - $lookup (to map), $match (as a creative length filter), $project (to create a new field, aka $addField)
* pug: putting `element:` instead of `element` means you can put the next element inline instead of on next line
* pagination: `Model.find().skip(skip).limit(limit)`
* dotenv: `"dotenv": "variables.env.now"`

Deployment checklist
- git init, git add, git commit
- .gitignore

```
node_modules/
.DS_Store
*.log
.idea
haters/
variables.env
variables.env.now
```
- variables.env
- variables.env.now
- package.json start command
- `now`

---

i have now finished wesbos' class in a fairly epic sprint. he did a good job of abstracting the hard design decisions and explaining all the nifty mongodb and ajax tricks that would have taken ages to get through. emailing was also a highlight. I think that this is a solid base but really needs to be updated to use react/vue to be taken as a modern stack.

---

Problems with Learn Node:

1. doesn't use any modern frontend framework - unrealistic for serious development
2. lacking polish - at end state, Maps page still doesnt find anything, Tags page doesn't have pagination, hearts page pagination is broken, no delete button, etc
3. unsatisfying ending, feels rushed.

Followups:
- <https://daveceddia.com/create-react-app-express-production/>
- <https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Access_control_CORS>
- <https://github.com/fraziern/schedule> (heavy) or lighter: <https://github.com/fraziern/voting.git>

