---
layout: post
title: Move Zig
date: 2017-07-19
categories: projects
tags: inspired
---

i have the dumbest idea that i think could work. there is too much going on in my head right now to get it all down but here's the four word pitch: 

#workout clothes for techies

why: fashion is a highly personal thing. devs currently wear UA to work out. devs want to work out more. but they are wearing a brand that belongs to athletes. That's not authentic. This is.

How do you establish a brand quickly? Humor. Devs have a shit ton of things to make fun of. We put it on their workout clothes and make it funny. The company is called MoveZig. The products will just say the most ridiculous absurd things my developer addled mind can think of. We will have a coffee table book. We will feature unfit models trying to be fit.

Because there's way more of us than there are of _them_.

Is it only for devs? No. But we will make it a dev centric world. Devs have hot girlfriends and boyfriends too. Don't want to leave them out.

Marketing plan? Get it on Silicon Valley. It has to be a surprise thing and not a public campaign.

Subscription services in fashion can be tricky to manage. But it is doable when combined with a fast changing message. The netflix model is instructive.

authenticity and ripoffs are a thing. wouldnt it be nice if there were a widely distributed peer to peer tracking of ownership of a particular thing, and we put insurmountable amounts of computing power behind that? We could even call it Proof of Work? Nah terrible name. Anyway you wouldn't download a shirt.

how to get it going? I need an MVP that will resonate. I need a shopify store. and I need to come up with the funniest jokes of my life.
