---
layout: post
title: After A Zero Week
date: 2017-03-10
tags: freecodecamp
categories: determined
---

I run into a brick wall whenever I face meteor, but I have also been distracted by my VR pursuits. I need to settle down and concentrate on completing the final freecodecamp backend project. I feel terrible and fat and instead of wallowing I am just going to not punish myself for losing a week of productivity and just press on. It is 9pm here and I am pressing on.

---

<https://www.freecodecamp.com/challenges/build-a-pinterest-clone>

this is very very similar to the [meteorchef/base project](https://themeteorchef.com/base/introduction) except that when documents are created they are also visible to unauthenticated visitors and the documents have an ownership model. this is what I need to build before finally messing with the image views.

Todo list to create `base-fcc`
- add ownership model to documents
- modify Documents page to My Documents
- modify main page to All Documents (viewable unauthenticated)

---

Steps to adding ownership model
---

- edit `imports/api/documents/documents.js` to include owner <- schema edit requires rebuild of meteor server
- edit `imports/api/documents/methods.js` to add owner to api validation
- edit `imports/modules/document-editor.js` to supply Meteor.userId()
- edit `imports/ui/components/DocumentEditor.js` to display doc.owner
- edit `imports/ui/pages/ViewDocument.js` to display doc.owner

---

10.30 here and I have got the ownership model working. Next I will need to modify the Documents api to just My Documents.
