---
layout: post
date: 2018-05-30
tags: zap
feelings: neutral
title: zap
comments: true
description: zap
---

I love taking ideas and turning them into real webapps that have a practical bent but also delight! I love using great technology no matter if it is Python, CSS, or JS, and then helping others learn what I have learned. That seems to be important to Zapier and it's like breathing to me. Also the 5 Zapier values are things I strongly believe (#5 is maybe more aspirational currently!).

Recently I dealt with an issue with Okta's React library. The same exact code from the night before suddenly stopped working the next morning. I figured it wasn't my fault, but I couldn't be sure so I dug into the Okta JS SDK source code. Turns out Okta was (helpfully...) suppressing errors for us, so I had to put traces in their code to figure out what the problem even was. 5 hours of tracing through everything later I realized that Okta was setting a day-related cookie that expires when the session ends, so if you keep your session overnight like I was doing the date stored in the cookie would be off from the date that Okta thinks it is. So the bug was that Okta wasn't setting the cookie on every auth attempt, or had too liberal of a cookie expiration policy - and thats what I filed.

Maybe not the best telling of this story but it was very satisfying to make a silent error squawk and then figure out the exact root cause :)

I'm not sure about what "solution" means here. I am proud of create-react-app-parcel (linked) which I made in part to better understand this core part of the react ecosystem, but also create an alternative to webpack using this great new bundler called parcel. I built it in 6 hours, it works, and now create-react-app lists it as an official alternative :). I also turned the process into a talk so others can figure out how to make more toolkits for better developer experience.


In a former role I worked on and eventually maintained a portfolio management and data analysis system in Python that helped to run a 1.1bn hedge fund. It included lots of data scraping, backtesting, and number crunching to output trades and position sizes subject to a number of key constraints in risk and liquidity. I've worked on many more apps since then but that was the largest.

I wanted to use storybook to maintain our component library but my boss at the time preferred create-react-app for the better react-overlay experience. So I dug into the react-overlay code and figured out how to integrate it into storybook, which hadn't been done before. Then I PR'ed the feature in to storybook itself. My boss had no remaining concerns.



Guide the architecture and development of shared components, modules, and design patterns.
Refactor the codebase to better take advantage of functional concepts, static typing, or other overall improvements to the code.
Implement server-rendered React so that we can render blog pages and single-page apps with the same code. (highly tempted to "just use gatsby" though!)

Helping third party developers build on top of Zapier
Implement and maintain build tools for JS/CSS/image/fonts/etc to improve DX.
Implement awesome animations that improve UX.


