---
layout: post
date: 2018-01-16
tags: misc
feelings: sick
title: efsg
comments: true
description: some thoughts on efsg2
---

seemode - stroke detection - promising market - clinical trial risk?
hertzwell - SDC company. high resolution radar that works in all weather conditions
betasight - Glaucoma testing app. can be used for other diagnoses too.
portsight - AI driven predictions for logistics profitability. 1m customer trial savings
qritive - nlp + ai (cv) cancer diagnosis. time saving proposition. 
42lab - biotech education - hardware/software blend
affable - niche influencer marketing. very exciting. why only 10 customers
Kinexcs - physical rehabilitation devices.
vebits - assisted driving performance
medius - $1 diabetes diagnosis thingy. 
resync - renewable tech - basically just saving money on solar somehow. liked.
medo - ultrasound like stethoscope. not sure this is wanted
transferfi - wireless power transfer. very ambitious.
involt - electrical energy storage - supercapacitor batteries that dont suck.


---


EFSG2 Alum Demo Day feedback
* Required
Untitled Section
What’s your name? *

Shawn Wang
See Mode

Waay too somber topic to start off the day. Suggest having a different company start.

hand actions are good. slides are gorgeous, simple.

spent way too much time establishing how big a problem stroke is. talk more about how you solve the problem, pple know stroke is a big problem.

love the credential slides.
Hertzwell

say what you do on the first slide
put the mission on the slide

whats the go to market plan?

great market, extraordinary tech claims. not clear what you know that tesla/others dont.

how much are you raising?
Betasight

say what you do on the first slide

great statement of the problem vs the current solutions (50k).

"eyetracking is available now in consumer headsets"? dont stretch truth

solid path to approval across many markets

i like this
Qritive

put what you do on the first slide

similar to seemode, no need to reintroduce cancer

3 agreements to give access to data, text processing - 90k records.

workflow tool no need for clinical trials

very suitable tech team

i am not as excited about this company because it seems a fairly simple combination of NLP and CV. if i am mistaken, it didnt come thru in the presentation
Portcast

what happens if you misforecast?

i love the customer trial stats. this is great

30b TAM statement is nice, easily understandable

i love this
42Lab

congrats on your baby :)

i am not convinced about the biotech ed TAM

then you also produced a different TAM number at the end. this is all over the place.

whats the target age of this? is this a hardware or software play? you have teacher LMS too?? what do you really -do-?

700k to do all this seems low.

good luck.
Affable

nice cold start with some stats vs what you're raising

convincing argument about microinfluencer marketing.

good explanation of TAM.

hate on kim kardashian is cute

i love this.
Kinexcs

i dont really understand this, sorry. i dont get hardware. great team :)
Vebits

nice big numbers

soooo... you're putting in a screen to watch bus drivers drive? doesnt sound great

40% profit increase is a huge claim. highly suspect.

nice ending slide
Medios

nice pricing detail.

why not launching in singapore

i like that it is pure software

nice advisory team

the hand actions are really too artificial and forced, sorry

i love the tagline. "turns normal doctors into specialists". well done.
Resync

i like the problem area and savings potential

i like this company
Medo

please say what you do on the first slide

i like the tech choice, very clear it has potential. 

big team!

patent is nice

why are you comparing vs radiologist? if the comparable is the stethoscope

still a nice presentation, just needed to spend more time on the tech. also not convinced the market wants this.
TransferFi

good first slide

like the 3 point contrast vs existing technologies. longrange, safe, efficient

wheres the patent

7.5m => 100m by yr end seems suspect. power dissipation square law

LOVE the paid POC and LOIs.

this is a big enough upside that people will pay attention. well done. i like this.
Involt

please say what you do on the first slide

nice short intro on supercapacitors

10x faster charging, 20x longer lifetime is great.

wheres the patent

i love this company

either drop the 50b addressable market number or support with how you get there. just randomly saying a number doesnt work.
The company I’d most like to own a share in is... *

Involt
The company I’d most like to work for is... *

Affable
BACKSUBMIT
Never submit passwords through Google Forms.
This content is neither created nor endorsed by Google. Report Abuse - Terms of Service - Additional Terms
Google Forms
