---
layout: post
date: 2019-02-28
tags: talk
feelings: nervous
title: js.la talk
comments: true
description: js.la talking
---



THE LOS ANGELES JAVASCRIPT MEETUP 
NEXT EVENT:
THURSDAY FEBRUARY 28TH, 2019 7PM
AT EDMUNDS.COM
 keynote speaker
SHAWN SWYX WANG
JAM STACK: THE TOTAL VICTORY OF JAVASCRIPT
 keynote speaker
JAMES M SNELL
HAVING FUN WITH HTTP/2 IN NODE.JS
RSVP FOR EVENT
JOIN MAILING LIST


SHAWN SWYX WANG  
JAM STACK: THE TOTAL VICTORY OF JAVASCRIPT
A lot has happened in the five years since Val Karpov coined the MEAN stack to describe "Full Stack" Javascript stacks. React rose to dominance, AWS Lambda started the Serverless movement, and Static Site Generators came back in a big way. What is driving this new stack of Javascript, APIs, and Markup? This is the story of how a JAM Stack cynic finally turned into a believer.

- www
  - server -> client
  - cgi/bin -> server -> client (show time)
  - database -> program -> server -> client
  - database -> cache -> program -> cache -> server -> client
  - database -> cache -> program -> cdn -> client (2008)
    - monitoring
    - versioning
    - replication
    - tuning
    - migration
    - consistent hashing
    - fingerprinting
    - security updates
    - autoscaling
    - release engineering
    - cache invalidation
    - cloud provisioning
- the LAMP stack

problems
- security: need to know browser issues and backend security
- reliability: hug of death. 75k to scale a WP blog. frontend devs to ddos 
- performance: slow website. 4% of thrown their phone. walled gardens, instant articles, amp

solution
- decouple building & hosting
- generate markup
- decorate w js
- consume apis

go back to the start: HTML/CSS

- Git + APIs -> build tool -> CDN
- smaller backend api surface area. frontend w build tools
- build out all public facing pages, push to CDN

Static is a bad word! more dynamic. sequoia 50k pages. google unfiltered news site.

- the MEAN stack
  - single page app
  - websites
  - hybrids
- the JAM stack
  - JavaScript
    - React
    - 
  - APIs
    - 
    - Serverless
  - Markup
    - SSGs
- the future?
  - WASM
  - 
  
misc

- git centric workflow
- build tools
- frameworks
- apis
- cdn

reasons to do this

- security
- cost
- speed
- git
- control

best practices

- entire site on CDN
- Atomic Deploys
- Instant Cache Invalidation
- Everything Lives in Git
- Automated Builds - Continuous deploy, webhooks

https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2015/11/modern-static-website-generators-next-big-thing/
